Cut Scene 1: Background/beginning game text
These streets… 

Vinnie: They show no mercy.

Vinnie: My parents migrated from Italy to the great state of New York.

Vinnie: Growing up money was tight for the whole family being young and hot headed I decided to take financial matters in my own hands.

Vinnie: I linked up with some dapper fellas in the Italian mob more specifically the Avanichi crime family.

Vinnie: Little did I know 20 years down the line it would be the death of me.

Cut Scene 2: Conversation Between Vinnie and Angle.

Vinnie: Where…. Where am I? What Happened?

???: You died vinnie.
*angle appears from darkness*

Angle: You are trapped between heaven and hell to await judgement.

Vinnie: Judgement?!? What judgement???

Angle: you must fight your way through seven trials each trial you must defeat a gatekeeper that holds a key to the next trial. 

Angle: Pass these trials and you will be ascended into heaven. But if you fail… 

Angle: It's to the fiery depths of hell with you. 
*Teleports Vinnie to first trial*

Cut Scene 3: After first trial is complete / flashback to before death

Vinnie: The boss Tony Avanichi took me under his wing when I was 13 years old. As a lookout.

Vinnie: At first my tasks were simple. When any big gun running operations were occurring I was to keep and eye out on the streets and whistle if I saw any cops or suspicious rivals.

Vinnie: As I grew older Tony put more trust in me and had me running more high risk high reward jobs.

Vinnie: Eventually I was managing 3 high end speakeasies throughout new york. The money was good and I was sitting on top of the world.

Cut Scene 4: After second trial is complete / flashback to before death

Vinnie: Money was no longer an issue. 

Vinnie: I had it all, a mansion with riches and plenty of attractive women.

Vinnie: I even pulled my parents out of financial hardships and moved them into a nice house of their own out of the ghettos. 
 
Vinnie: It wasn’t until I was asked to take my first life when things started to take a turn for the worse.

Cut Scene 5: After third trial is complete / flashback to before death

Vinnie: It was raining.

Vinnie: My target was in Lucky's Irish Pub.

Vinnie: Harry O’Sullivan was my target, he had been disrupting a lot of our gun running operations and is known higher up in the irish O’Brien crime family.

Vinnie: The target was drunk so it was an easy hit.

Vinnie: walked in, put one in the back of the head, dropped the gun and ran out.

Vinnie: The adrenaline from my first kill was so overwhelming but once I settled down I started to wonder what I've truly become.
